ARROW-16065: [FlightRPC][Docs] Improve Flight documentation (#12815)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/flight.rst

   std::cout << "Server listening on localhost:" << server->port() << std::endl;
   ARROW_CHECK_OK(server->Serve());

Using the Flight Client
=======================

To connect to a Flight service, create an instance of
:class:`arrow::flight::FlightClient` by calling :func:`Connect
<arrow::flight::FlightClient::Connect>`. This takes a Location and

> returns the client through an out parameter.

Reviewer: Should we be pointing users toward the `Result` variants of these functions instead given https://github.com/apache/arrow/pull/12719?

Author: Good point. I removed/reworded things (except for the server-side RPC handlers where they still use out parameters).

Each RPC method returns :class:`arrow::Status` to indicate the
success/failure of the request. Any other return values are specified
through out parameters.

Cancellation and Timeouts
=========================

When making a call, clients can optionally provide
:class:`FlightCallOptions <arrow::flight::FlightCallOptions>`. This
allows clients to set a timeout on calls or provide custom HTTP
headers, among other features. Also, some objects returned by client
RPC calls expose a ``Cancel`` method which allows terminating a call
early.

> On the server side, timeouts are transparent. For cancellation, the

Reviewer: I find "transparent" isn't always straight foward in meaning. What do you think of this:

```suggestion
On the server side, no additional code is needed to implement timeouts. For cancellation, the
```
